Move integration package docs out of versioning (#13760)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/concepts/artifacts.mdx

Creating artifacts allows you to publish data from task and flow runs or outside of a flow run context.
There are five artifact types: links, Markdown, progress, images, and tables.

Each artifact created within a task will be displayed individually in the Prefect UI. 

This means that each call to `create_link_artifact()` or `create_markdown_artifact()` generates a distinct artifact.

Unlike the `print()` command, where you can concatenate multiple calls to include additional items in a report, within a task, these commands must be used multiple times if necessary. 

> To create artifacts like reports or summaries using `create_markdown_artifact()`, compile your message string separately and then pass it to `create_markdown_artifact()` to create the complete artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create artifacts that include strings from multiple tasks, compile your message string separately and then pass it to `create_markdown_artifact()` to create the complete artifact.
```
